docs: updates to dashboards descriptions and grafana tasks (#5591)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/metrics/con_kafka-exporter-lag.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// metrics/assembly-metrics.adoc

[id='con-metrics-kafka-exporter-lag-{context}']

= Monitoring consumer lag with Kafka Exporter

[role="_abstract"]
{kafka-exporter-project} is an open source project to enhance monitoring of Apache Kafka brokers and clients.
You can configure the `Kafka` resource to xref:proc-metrics-kafka-deploy-options-{context}[deploy Kafka Exporter with your Kafka cluster].
Kafka Exporter extracts additional metrics data from Kafka brokers related to offsets, consumer groups, consumer lag, and topics.
The metrics data is used, for example, to help identify slow consumers.
Lag data is exposed as Prometheus metrics, which can then be presented in Grafana for analysis.

> IMPORTANT: For Kafka Exporter to be able to provide additional Kafka metrics, you also need the Prometheus metrics configuration for Kafka.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: Kafka Exporter provides only additional metrics related to consumer lag and consumer offsets.
For regular Kafka metrics, you have to configure the Prometheus metrics in xref:proc-metrics-kafka-deploy-options-{context}[Kafka brokers].
```
